c:\users\afwadmin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyLibraryTuto\MyLibraryTuto\bin\Debug\MyLibraryTuto.exe.config
c:\users\afwadmin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyLibraryTuto\MyLibraryTuto\bin\Debug\MyLibraryTuto.exe
c:\users\afwadmin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyLibraryTuto\MyLibraryTuto\bin\Debug\MyLibraryTuto.pdb
c:\users\afwadmin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyLibraryTuto\MyLibraryTuto\bin\Debug\Bunifu_UI_v1.52.dll
c:\users\afwadmin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyLibraryTuto\MyLibraryTuto\bin\Debug\Guna.UI2.dll
c:\users\afwadmin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyLibraryTuto\MyLibraryTuto\obj\Debug\MyLibraryTuto.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\afwadmin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyLibraryTuto\MyLibraryTuto\obj\Debug\MyLibraryTuto.LoginForm.resources
c:\users\afwadmin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyLibraryTuto\MyLibraryTuto\obj\Debug\MyLibraryTuto.SplashForm.resources
c:\users\afwadmin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyLibraryTuto\MyLibraryTuto\obj\Debug\MyLibraryTuto.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\afwadmin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyLibraryTuto\MyLibraryTuto\obj\Debug\MyLibraryTuto.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\afwadmin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyLibraryTuto\MyLibraryTuto\obj\Debug\MyLibraryTuto.exe
c:\users\afwadmin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyLibraryTuto\MyLibraryTuto\obj\Debug\MyLibraryTuto.pdb
c:\users\afwadmin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyLibraryTuto\MyLibraryTuto\obj\Debug\MyLibraryTuto.MainForm.resources
c:\users\afwadmin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyLibraryTuto\MyLibraryTuto\obj\Debug\MyLibraryTuto.StudentForm.resources
C:\Users\afwadmin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyLibraryTuto\MyLibraryTuto\obj\Debug\MyLibraryTuto.BookTbl.resources
C:\Users\afwadmin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyLibraryTuto\MyLibraryTuto\obj\Debug\MyLibraryTuto.IssueBookForm.resources
C:\Users\afwadmin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyLibraryTuto\MyLibraryTuto\obj\Debug\MyLibraryTuto.LibrarianForm.resources
C:\Users\afwadmin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\MyLibraryTuto\MyLibraryTuto\obj\Debug\MyLibraryTuto.ReturnBookForm.resources
C:\Users\afwadmin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\MyLibraryTuto\MyLibraryTuto\obj\Debug\MyLibraryTuto.AboutUs.resources
C:\Users\afwadmin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\MyLibraryTuto\MyLibraryTuto\obj\Debug\MyLibraryTuto.DashBoard.resources
C:\Users\afwadmin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\MyLibraryTuto\MyLibraryTuto\obj\Debug\MyLibraryTuto.TipsForm.resources
C:\Users\TOPRAK\Desktop\MyLibraryTuto\MyLibraryTuto\bin\Debug\MyLibraryTuto.exe.config
C:\Users\TOPRAK\Desktop\MyLibraryTuto\MyLibraryTuto\bin\Debug\MyLibraryTuto.exe
C:\Users\TOPRAK\Desktop\MyLibraryTuto\MyLibraryTuto\bin\Debug\MyLibraryTuto.pdb
C:\Users\TOPRAK\Desktop\MyLibraryTuto\MyLibraryTuto\obj\Debug\MyLibraryTuto.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\TOPRAK\Desktop\MyLibraryTuto\MyLibraryTuto\obj\Debug\MyLibraryTuto.csproj.SuggestedBindingRedirects.cache
C:\Users\TOPRAK\Desktop\MyLibraryTuto\MyLibraryTuto\obj\Debug\MyLibraryTuto.AboutUs.resources
C:\Users\TOPRAK\Desktop\MyLibraryTuto\MyLibraryTuto\obj\Debug\MyLibraryTuto.BookTbl.resources
C:\Users\TOPRAK\Desktop\MyLibraryTuto\MyLibraryTuto\obj\Debug\MyLibraryTuto.DashBoard.resources
C:\Users\TOPRAK\Desktop\MyLibraryTuto\MyLibraryTuto\obj\Debug\MyLibraryTuto.IssueBookForm.resources
C:\Users\TOPRAK\Desktop\MyLibraryTuto\MyLibraryTuto\obj\Debug\MyLibraryTuto.LibrarianForm.resources
C:\Users\TOPRAK\Desktop\MyLibraryTuto\MyLibraryTuto\obj\Debug\MyLibraryTuto.LoginForm.resources
C:\Users\TOPRAK\Desktop\MyLibraryTuto\MyLibraryTuto\obj\Debug\MyLibraryTuto.MainForm.resources
C:\Users\TOPRAK\Desktop\MyLibraryTuto\MyLibraryTuto\obj\Debug\MyLibraryTuto.ReturnBookForm.resources
C:\Users\TOPRAK\Desktop\MyLibraryTuto\MyLibraryTuto\obj\Debug\MyLibraryTuto.SplashForm.resources
C:\Users\TOPRAK\Desktop\MyLibraryTuto\MyLibraryTuto\obj\Debug\MyLibraryTuto.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\TOPRAK\Desktop\MyLibraryTuto\MyLibraryTuto\obj\Debug\MyLibraryTuto.StudentForm.resources
C:\Users\TOPRAK\Desktop\MyLibraryTuto\MyLibraryTuto\obj\Debug\MyLibraryTuto.TipsForm.resources
C:\Users\TOPRAK\Desktop\MyLibraryTuto\MyLibraryTuto\obj\Debug\MyLibraryTuto.csproj.GenerateResource.cache
C:\Users\TOPRAK\Desktop\MyLibraryTuto\MyLibraryTuto\obj\Debug\MyLibraryTuto.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\TOPRAK\Desktop\MyLibraryTuto\MyLibraryTuto\obj\Debug\MyLibraryTuto.csproj.CopyComplete
C:\Users\TOPRAK\Desktop\MyLibraryTuto\MyLibraryTuto\obj\Debug\MyLibraryTuto.exe
C:\Users\TOPRAK\Desktop\MyLibraryTuto\MyLibraryTuto\obj\Debug\MyLibraryTuto.pdb
C:\Users\TOPRAK\source\repos\MyLibraryTuto\MyLibraryTuto\obj\Debug\MyLibraryTuto.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\TOPRAK\source\repos\MyLibraryTuto\MyLibraryTuto\obj\Debug\MyLibraryTuto.csproj.SuggestedBindingRedirects.cache
C:\Users\TOPRAK\source\repos\MyLibraryTuto\MyLibraryTuto\obj\Debug\MyLibraryTuto.BookTbl.resources
C:\Users\TOPRAK\source\repos\MyLibraryTuto\MyLibraryTuto\obj\Debug\MyLibraryTuto.DashBoard.resources
C:\Users\TOPRAK\source\repos\MyLibraryTuto\MyLibraryTuto\obj\Debug\MyLibraryTuto.IssueBookForm.resources
C:\Users\TOPRAK\source\repos\MyLibraryTuto\MyLibraryTuto\obj\Debug\MyLibraryTuto.LibrarianForm.resources
C:\Users\TOPRAK\source\repos\MyLibraryTuto\MyLibraryTuto\obj\Debug\MyLibraryTuto.LoginForm.resources
C:\Users\TOPRAK\source\repos\MyLibraryTuto\MyLibraryTuto\obj\Debug\MyLibraryTuto.MainForm.resources
C:\Users\TOPRAK\source\repos\MyLibraryTuto\MyLibraryTuto\obj\Debug\MyLibraryTuto.ReturnBookForm.resources
C:\Users\TOPRAK\source\repos\MyLibraryTuto\MyLibraryTuto\obj\Debug\MyLibraryTuto.SplashForm.resources
C:\Users\TOPRAK\source\repos\MyLibraryTuto\MyLibraryTuto\obj\Debug\MyLibraryTuto.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\TOPRAK\source\repos\MyLibraryTuto\MyLibraryTuto\obj\Debug\MyLibraryTuto.StudentForm.resources
C:\Users\TOPRAK\source\repos\MyLibraryTuto\MyLibraryTuto\obj\Debug\MyLibraryTuto.csproj.GenerateResource.cache
C:\Users\TOPRAK\source\repos\MyLibraryTuto\MyLibraryTuto\obj\Debug\MyLibraryTuto.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\TOPRAK\source\repos\MyLibraryTuto\MyLibraryTuto\obj\Debug\MyLibraryTuto.exe
C:\Users\TOPRAK\source\repos\MyLibraryTuto\MyLibraryTuto\obj\Debug\MyLibraryTuto.pdb
C:\Users\TOPRAK\source\repos\MyLibraryTuto\MyLibraryTuto\bin\Debug\MyLibraryTuto.exe.config
C:\Users\TOPRAK\source\repos\MyLibraryTuto\MyLibraryTuto\bin\Debug\MyLibraryTuto.exe
C:\Users\TOPRAK\source\repos\MyLibraryTuto\MyLibraryTuto\bin\Debug\MyLibraryTuto.pdb
C:\Users\TOPRAK\source\repos\MyLibraryTuto\MyLibraryTuto\obj\Debug\MyLibraryTuto.csproj.CopyComplete
